We refuse to become a gear
that spins in a rhythm of monotony
Conforming to society's expectations
is like a living hell
And while we were playing, God brought us into a world ruled by games
No no no game no life
In an instant, our lives of peace and tranquility changed
into a journey up the stairs of glory, carving our names in history
Before us lies a future of ultimate victory
With everything proceeding as planned
Now's our chance, let's cleanse this world together
We are maverick, assistance is unneeded
No matter how unfair, or difficult our challenge may be
Success is only a victory away
We'll challenge the undefeated using our wits and talent
And soak in the exhilarating joy of victory
All we need is faith in ourselves